Aaaah
It's Rewind time.
If I controlled Rewind I would want
Fortnite and Marques Brownlee.
Is this what you wanted?
You know who I would have asked for?
Quit horsing around.
Play me some of that jumping music.
Did you say jumping music?
Jumping music?
Everybody! Off!
Not even a thank you?!
Is that Marques?
I want Liza!
Yeaaaaaahhhh!!!!
So guys, apparently
we control Rewind this year.
Y'all we can do whatever we want.
What do we do?
There's one thing this video needs.
K-pop!
Can I have a Royal Wedding?
Yeah, but you're marrying Bongo Cat.
Wait, what?
Rewind needs more science.
Can we do an experiment?
I love that. Melting lipstick.
I want to eat something.
Mukbang!
Yes, let's do it in Korea!
Gallop, what do you want?
Marshmello needs to be in this video.
Who is Marshmello?
How about yodeling kid?
With Adam Rippon!
Guys, let's do the
In My Feelings challenge.
Right!
I love this song!
Let's hear the remix!
Wait, wait, wait.
Hold on, hold on.
You know who really needs to be
in this Rewind video?
Everyone who managed to do something
bigger than themselves this year.
Found a way to help the causes
that matter to them most.
To everyone who proved it's ok
to talk about mental health this year.
Showing our viewers that it's ok
to go through tough times like that.
It takes a lot of bravery to be that vulnerable
and I'm so proud of this community.
I think this year's Rewind should
celebrate the fierce, fabulous
and empowering art of drag.
I want to see all of you be your
own kind of beautiful.
And to those people who have
raised money in the field of education.
Can we also give a moment to Asian
representation in entertainment this year?
Major strides were made.
And to the people who put aside
their differences.
Yeah, and created something really special.
Here's to all women in 2018
for finding their voices.
It's nice seeing how women grew
and were empowered.
Can we give a moment to working moms?
Let's do it!
To everyone who taught, or learned,
something new this year.
And to all the refugees and
anyone looking for a home.
All of us should send a toast to the
kids who follow their dreams.
I want to thank the whole community that
always supports during our best and worst.
We are a family,
we are a team.
Family is everything.
I want to give a moment to everyone
who supported me when I got sick.
All of the comments and messages I got
made me feel like I wasn't alone.
We're forgetting something.
I think we should read the comments.
Yeah I have a feeling this is going to get
a little bit crazy.
Let's give the people what they want.
Aaaahhh
That's hot, that's hot.